Title: About

----

Intro: 

Polyform is a bi-scriptual type and communication design studio that designs, develops, and applies typography at all scales.

We work in close collaboration with type foundries, agencies, and brands. Bringing our expertise of graphic design, type design and technology, the studio develops multicultural type and design systems.

We are a small, multidisciplinary team, and our studio grows to accomplish bigger projects. We regularly collaborate with a team of experts from a wide range of specialties. Our network includes type designers, graphic designers, artists, font engineers, researchers, teachers, graphic designers, and web developers.

The studio is led by Lisa Huang and Thomas Kim. We are located in Paris, France, and work internationally with connections in China.

----

Categories: 

- 
  title: Type Design
  text: >
    We design custom typefaces, lettering,
    and logotypes with a special focus on
    Latin and Chinese scripts, covering
    languages across the Americas, Western
    and Central Europe, and China. Our
    approach connects the two cultures
    through design, history, and technology.
    Our expertise in both writing systems
    allows for a good dialogue between the
    two cultures, and enables us to design
    the best solution for each project.
  tags: >
    Bi-Scriptual Type Design, Research,
    Consulting, Design Adaptation
- 
  title: Communication
  text: >
    We work on visual design and typographic
    projects across a diverse range of
    mediums, including large design systems,
    signage, books, and interactive
    projects. Working with multiple writing
    systems allows us to develop global
    communication solutions that help our
    clients to communicate more efficiently
    and coherently.
  tags: >
    Art Direction, Identities, Publications,
    Signage
- 
  title: Technology
  text: >
    We design and develop websites using the
    best of modern technologies. The studio
    is involved in several self-initiated
    design projects, both to improve our
    day-to-day workflows, and to give us the
    chance to experiment and learn. These
    have taken the shape of web projects,
    typefaces, and digital tools.
  tags: >
    Prototyping, User Experience, Design,
    Interactive Design, Web Development
- 
  title: Workshops
  text: >
    We love to share knowledge. We are
    available to host workshops to assist
    students and professionals at all levels
    in deepening their knowledge of
    typography, type design, graphic and
    interactive design.
  tags: Teaching, Talks

----

Email: info@polyform.studio

----

Network: 

- 
  platform: Instagram
  url: >
    https://www.instagram.com/polyform.studio/
  account: Instagram
- 
  platform: Are.na
  url: https://www.are.na/polyform.studio